Proverb 22:6
Train up a child in the way he should go, even when he is old he will not depart from it.
Lord help me to train my child in your way, even when they are old they will not depart from it.
How can I train my children in a way that when they grow older they will not depart from it?
How are my training my children, I am training them with the future in mind?
Do I understand the meaning of the word children? Children means they are children - they do not know better
Don't talk to children as if you are the child and they are your parent - we allow children to go atray because we are afraid to treat as children
Children are children - they are not your parents even in American.
Stop asking them to make grownup decision - what do you want - the bible tells you to train them so that when they grow the can make better diisions
Stop being emotion as if that little baby knows what he or she is talking about - stop arguing with your children.
Don't allow the decision to worship God in the hands of a child - they are just children
Children are like a virgin land that you have to plan good seeds into - stop asking the land what kind of seed will it take.
Whatever seed you plant into, that is what it will take.If you donot plan good seed, the devil will plant weed or bad seed into it.
How do you speak to your child? make declarative statement. for example, we are going to church, not are you going to church?
Nb: Take away emotion from your discipline. When you are disciplining a child, do let your emotion take hold of you or else you will regret it
Lord help me when declarative statments - I should be able to use them more often. Help me to make declarative statements to myself.
Declarative statement- You will not ease up doing this reading or studying or playing or driving or running.

Isaiah 54:13
All your children shall be taught by the LORD and great shall be the peace of your children.
All your children shall be taught by the LORD and great shall be the peace of your children.
Where do I get the inspiration, knowledge and wisdom to teach my children?
Who is guiding me as I teach my children, who is teaching me to teach my children?
Do I teach my children according to the laws of the bible or according to the laws of hollywood.
Do I teach my chilldren God's principles or the worlds principle?
How can I allow God to teach my children through me?

Matthew 19:14
Jesus said 'Let the children come to me do not hinder them, for the kingdom of heaven belongs to such as these.
How are we letting the children to go to Christ Jesus through worship, praise and prayers?
How are we showing our children that God is number one in the family?
If someone was to ask our children about what we love to do, will they say we love to read the word of God or they will say we love parties and other things
What activities or activity in our home is geared towards encouraging our children to love God.
